---
kanka_id: 748791
---

Originating from [[Umbria]] (UM), the Deepling have diversified into various subterranean species adapted to life in darkness and confined spaces. Their biology features a combination of carbon-based and unique biochemical adaptations that enable survival in [[Umbria]]’s shadowy realms. Deeplings possess a specialized molecule called Umbridir, present in certain tissues, which allows them to extract and utilize energy from ambient shadows rather than relying solely on liquid nutrients. This adaptation enables them to sustain themselves in environments with limited access to traditional food sources. Additionally, Deeplings have developed eyes capable of emitting infrared light, facilitated by a unique organelle called Thermophore, which converts biochemical energy into infrared radiation. This allows Deeplings to see in complete darkness by illuminating their surroundings with infrared light, providing them with superior night vision without the need for external light sources. Their respiratory systems are highly efficient, allowing them to extract oxygen from minimal air flows within narrow caverns. The combination of Umbridir and Thermophore grants Deeplings incredible adaptability in dark, subterranean environments, enhancing their ability to navigate, hunt, and communicate in complete darkness. These biological traits support their roles as skilled sorcerers, master craftsmen, and vigilant guardians within [[Umbria]]’s labyrinthine underground landscapes.