---
kanka_id: 748787
---

The **[[Feywild]] (Tel'Quessir Shaneren)** is the enchanting origin of the Feyfolk, a family of magical and whimsical beings that have evolved into various species such as Elves, Drow, Sprites, and Pixies. While Feyfolk share a primarily carbon-based biology, they exhibit unique biochemical adaptations that enhance their interaction with the [[Feywild]]’s dynamic environments. All Feyfolk possess a specialized molecule called **Longevorin**, which significantly extends their lifespan by slowing cellular degradation and enhancing DNA repair mechanisms. This evolutionary trait developed in response to the [[Feywild]]’s ever-changing and often volatile magical energies, allowing Feyfolk to maintain stability and continuity in their societies despite the plane’s constant flux. However, this extended lifespan comes at a cost: Feyfolk experience a gradual decrease in physical vitality and regenerative abilities as they age, making them more susceptible to chronic ailments and reducing their overall physical resilience over time. This trade-off ensures that while Feyfolk can live extraordinarily long lives, they must balance their longevity with the natural decline in their physical capabilities. Additionally, the [[Feywild]]’s influence has led to the development of **Vireline**, a specialized protein that enhances their sensory perception, allowing Feyfolk to detect subtle changes in their environment and adapt quickly to new magical influences. Their highly adaptable digestive systems can process a wide variety of enchanted flora and fauna, providing the necessary nutrients to support their specialized metabolism. Over generations, Feyfolk have diversified into numerous species with slight variations in their Longevorin and Vireline concentrations, enabling each to excel in different magical and ecological niches within the ever-changing landscapes of the [[Feywild]]. This biological versatility fosters a society rich in diversity and adaptability, capable of thriving in the [[Feywild]]’s vibrant and unpredictable environments.