---
kanka_id: 267481
---

Long ago, the beings now worshipped as gods were not deities but travelers from other dimensions. Faced with an existential threat, they sought an energy source to stave off their inevitable decline. Their search led them to the Primordial Plane, a chaotic realm of raw elemental forces—fire, water, earth, air, and more—held together by energies potent enough to sustain entire worlds. Encircling this plane were the [[Prime Planes]], protective realms the Primordials had forged to shield their core from cosmic threats. The [[Prime Planes]], including the Material Plane, were also brimming with life—mortal beings infused with fragments of the Primordial Plane’s power, called souls. Each soul was an endless cycle, reincarnating after death, its energy forever flowing back into the Primordial Plane.

The gods saw these mortal souls as a potential source of immortality and strength. By diverting this energy toward themselves, they could fuel their existence indefinitely. So they fashioned the [[Divine Planes]], realms beyond the [[Prime Planes]], accessible only through worship. From these lofty realms, the gods established a system where mortal reverence funneled souls to them, granting the gods boundless power. Worshippers would unknowingly pledge their souls to their deity, ensuring a steady influx of energy. The gods created divine beings, avatars of their power, such as angels and devils, who served as extensions of their will and maintained order—or chaos—in their domains.

However, the delicate balance of this new cosmos was soon threatened. The Abyss, an ancient and malevolent force from beyond the known dimensions, discovered the Primordial Plane. Coveting its raw energy, the Abyss sent forth its [[Demons]] to pierce the protective realms and claim the core’s power. The gods, recognizing the existential danger, forged a reluctant alliance to resist the Abyss’s advances. The [[Divine Planes]] became strongholds in a vast and ongoing war, where divine beings—angels, devils, and other celestial warriors—faced off against demonic forces.

This eternal battle between the gods’ divine armies and the Abyss’s demonic legions rages across the planes. While mortals continue to live their lives, unaware of the cosmic conflict surrounding them, their souls fuel a ceaseless war for control over the energies at the heart of creation. The gods’ reign, maintained by the cycle of worship and rebirth, balances on the edge, as they fight to preserve the cosmos—and their own existence—from annihilation.